There are many people who love to boast.
Politicians frequently boast about what they have done and what they promise to do for
their constituents.
And businessmen, they love to boast about how successful they are and how much money
they are making.
And athletes, you know, athletes are prideful, many of them.
And they boast about the events that they've been great in, they've won.
In fact, you know, it's an interesting to note that in the highly competitive sports
world, there is an expression for great achievers.
The expression is goat, G-O-A-T, greatest of all time.
Can you imagine people thinking that somehow they have been the greatest of all time?
When we hear the words greatest of all time, only one person comes to mind.
He was the greatest man who ever lived truly the greatest of all time, Jesus Christ.
And His greatness had nothing to do with politics, business, or playing games.
But it had everything to do with praising Jehovah and boasting in Jehovah God.
Jesus knew the counsel that's recorded at Jeremiah, chapter 9, verses 23 and 24.
And this scripture, this text is beautiful, Jeremiah 9, 23 and 24.
It says,
This is what Jehovah says.
Let not the wise man boast about his wisdom.
Let not the mighty man boast about his mightiness.
And let not the rich man boast about his riches.
But let the one boasting boast about this, that he has insight and knowledge of me, that
I am Jehovah, the one showing loyal love, justice, and righteousness in the earth.
For in these things I take delight, declares Jehovah, isn't that beautiful?
So to boast in Jehovah really means that we take pride in our God, Jehovah, we're proud
to bear His name.
We rejoice in His reputation.
We've got it in the scriptures, and we can see it in the organization today.
And Jehovah takes delight when we boast in Him in His provisions, in His justice, His
promises, and in His loyal love.
So you students of the 150th class of Gilead, students soon to be graduates, I should add,
you've got a lot of reasons to boast in Jehovah God.
And you know that throughout His ministry, Jesus boasted in Jehovah.
If you examine closely the scriptures and things that Jesus said, you'll be able to see
on many occasions how He boasted in Jehovah.
Just to give you one example, remember when the rich young ruler approached Jesus and
he says, oh, good teacher to the Lord Jesus Christ.
And what did Jesus say?
Why do you call me good?
Nobody is good except one God.
That was a wonderful boast in Jehovah God, glorifying Him.
So you students can boast in Jehovah, you've been doing it for a long time, but because
now though you have the privilege of going out, fulfilling an assignment, and showing
how much you really do rely on Jehovah God, you can boast because you've experienced
what Jesus declared a John chapter 8, verse 32.
Jesus said, and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Well, that's something we all know.
But don't minimize it, appreciate the freedom you have right now because you know the truth.
You've been set free from the lives of this world that hold people in bondage about
false beliefs in life and death.
You're free from human thinking that man is going to remedy the problems of this old
world, and we know they can't do it.
They haven't got the wherewithal to do it.
No man can really direct his own steps, not even a perfect man.
Jehovah can deliver his people too.
Even where we're under severe persecution, Jehovah can intervene whenever he sees fit
to do so.
You can boast also in another thing that your slaves of Jehovah, now you're in a unique
position because very few slaves are allowed to choose their master.
But you've done it.
You've chosen Jehovah God to be your master and to be a slave to him.
You know that Jehovah is with you and you're happy and you're willing slaves of Jehovah
and of Jesus Christ.
And it's a remarkable slavery, really, because no one has the freedom that we enjoy in our
slavery to Jehovah God.
We're so free and able to do so many things, serving Jehovah, but all the while enjoying
the good life that God has given to us.
You can boast also in the brotherhood that you can gather together in assemblies to
praise Jehovah God and you know Jesus words are true.
Two or three are gathered in His name.
There He is in our midst.
So whether it's tens of thousands gathered together at a big convention or two or three
gathering together secretly, you know that Jesus Christ is there with you.
You can also boast in the great privilege you have through prayer.
Just think about it for a moment.
You can talk to the Almighty Creator of the universe personally.
That is really something quite remarkable, but that is a privilege we have and we boast
in the privilege we have of addressing Jehovah, asking Him for His help for His Spirit to
guide us, His strength and protection.
And there's something else too that I find fascinating that you can boast in.
You can boast it because you bear the fear inspiring name, Jehovah's Witnesses.
Think about that.
You're carrying Jehovah's name and how grateful really we are that back in 1931, the
visible part of Jehovah's organization adopted the name Jehovah's Witnesses and it's not
just the name of a religion.
It's a description of what people do.
They live their lives to honor Jehovah God.
They are living witnesses of the Creator.
That is a privilege that we have and that separates us from all religion on the earth.
And there's no other religion that wants that name anyhow, but we're delighted that we
have it and they regret perhaps a few that they didn't listen to or adopted.
We are God's name people and at 1 Chronicles chapter 16, verse 10, it says this,
boast about His holy name, let the hearts of those seeking Jehovah rejoice.
And if you examine synonyms, rejoice is a synonym in certain cases for boast to boast in
Jehovah.
And you can boast over the fact that Jehovah has allowed you a very special privilege.
You can see the unseen.
Not all people can do that.
Division of many people in this world is limited just to just the physical that they see
before them, but they can't see the unseen.
I remember a man who said, what has God ever done for me?
That poor man, he was blind, totally blind spiritually.
He enjoyed food, drink, the things the earth provides, but he couldn't see behind those
physical things.
He couldn't see that there had to be a wonderful creator who provided all of these things
for him.
You can see the unseen.
You see Jesus Christ ruling as King in the heavens.
You see the new world that's coming.
You see the resurrection of the dead.
You see the functioning of Jehovah God's Holy Spirit on His people today.
Finally, you know very well that we've only touched on a few things that you can boast
in, but you want to continue doing that, boasting in Jehovah.
And right now, I know all of you students, you feel great.
You've completed your course.
You've done it.
You're graduating from Gilead School, and now the doors of future activity are swinging
open to you.
So as you undertake your assignments, whatever and wherever they may be, do these things please,
stay humble, be happy, and work hard, and always esteem highly the great honor and privilege
you have to boast in Jehovah.